What is it guys and what KMAX are now in this video we're going to be working with the portfolio.
OK.
So let's get started.
First of all what we have to do we have to just make sure that everything is safe right here.
OK.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to hit save and make sure that everything is safe.
So let's just go ahead and let's hit the visual builder.
OK.
I just drink a lot of water just like my tummy is going whoo.
Let's just come in here and you can see that I am here in the Navy.
OK.
And you can see that this is the project based.
So what is a portfolio basically poured for you is basically the company it can be the company portfolio
it can be a personal portfolio or it can be any portfolio that you want to show.
So portfolio is basically the work that you have done the past ago or that years ago or the recent very
study you have done or something like that.
So how portfolio works.
I'm going to show you in this video and this video is going to explain everything.
Let's just go to the dashboard right here and you can see that when you install this DV This is the
this is the section that is automatically created and this refers to basically projects all projects
and categories and tags.
OK.
So if my this company is about the event management.
So I'm just going to add the portfolio about the events that I have created.
OK.
So first of all I have to just add that projects categories that can appear.
Okay.
So the first one will be the marriage events
And this is going to be the description is going to be nothing.
I'm just going to come here and I'm going to hit add Neal.
The second one would be country
pay check and new
and the third one would be
okay.
And let's just add in your category.
Okay.
So now you can see that they are coming like here.
Now what I have to do I have to add these events right here that I have created basically or I have
managed or I have designed them.
OK so now what I have to do I have to just add Neal and I have to basically add those events that I
have personally done.
So I have to add here the company name that I have done the event for so 8th for the marriage.
I have done the marriage event for like Sarala beds chahiye year.
So if I have done this marriage event Okay I'm going to show it right here.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to go to the marriage trade here.
And then here I have to show all the all all the photographs that I have taken from the is SLR from
dad and I have to show the event the whole booking and everything that I have done from them and see
him like this I can add the stuff into the content area and then here would be the main feature to me
thats going to present that.
OK so now I have to represent that hall basically here that I have managed the event.
So I'm going to go do that and I just had dog gone to grab some images because
because I haven't managed that even OK I'm going to come here I'm going to search for the
let's you search for this and let's see how many images we get.
Marriage event.
So this is the one I'm going to.
I'm here.
I'm going to say very now and you can see this coming like here.
I'm going to come here and basically to do as well.
Compress it so.
OK.
No problem.
I'll just come here to this image and I'll just grab it and drop it later.
Now I hope that this week this image gets uploaded.
If this doesn't get uploaded that I have to go to the Forbush are going to have to resize this image
so that it works.
So let's see if this image gets kids uploaded or not.
OK.
OK since I haven't resized this image that is why it is taking so much time and it might get uploaded
or it might not.
It might be rejected so I don't know.
I have to wait and see what happens.
OK you can see that the image is not uploaded.
OK.
I'm going to go to the photo shop right here.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to resize the image basically.
OK.
Let's come here.
It's like this guy.
What's it like to scurry here and hope that this is basically the full size.
What do we do.
OK.
I'm going to I'm here I'm going to drag it and I'm going to drop it right here.
This it may just coming like here I'm going to crabbiness I'm going this resize it.
OK.
This guy is so happy because of his murder.
He didn't know that it will happen after his marriage.
OK.
Let's see him here.
Let's just come here.
Let's like the peons like this guy is like safe.
So here we go.
This image should be saved right now.
I'm going to go to the chrome Ray here.
OK let's see if they show me how to get saved.
Yes.
I'm going to go to discovery here and I'm going to go to the upload file.
I'm going to click select file and select desktop Let's see the PC that's like this happy guy.
OK.
And here we go.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to hit said feature to me.
You can see this image just did not upload it because this image size was not too good for the press.
OK.
That is why it gave the air.
So let's see if this image gets approved.
OK.
This is approved right now and I'm going to said feature that it means he can see this feature to image
is right here.
I'm going to add some dummy concentrate here.
OK.
Let's go to the Lorem ipsum.
Copy this.
Let's come here and let's face it.
So I can also add some images right here if I want to.
I'm going to go to the ADD media.
I can also design this with the DV builder if I want to.
OK so you guys already know that.
How can you design any post.
The builder so I can add this image right here below.
OK.
I'm going to I'm here and I'm going to hit publish right now.
So you can see that this event that I have personally done is posted right now.
OK.
So I can now show all the events that I have done that I have done basically OK I can show all the events
into the last into any of the page that I want to.
To see him like this.
I can just go to the home page of my website and then I can show that I also like this.
I can also go to the all pages of my website and let's basically designed that event in all page.
Let's just create a new page and that will be the portfolio page.
OK.
I'm going to come here I'm going to select porn for you.
Not the polio.
It should be portfolio and being like Chandler from friends and don't fight.
OK I'm going to come here.
I'm going to hit publish right now.
Use that if you Bilour use visual builder.
And so here whenever I try to add the portfolio you will see how this is going to look.
OK.
So I'm just going to a bit.
Basically try to add the full portfolio OK.
Here we go.
This is the board for you that is going to appear.
So here we are you can see that it's going to show the portfolio title and you can see how this is looking.
So this is how the portfolio works.
OK.
I have the portfolio title I have they include categories that how many categories I want to include
OK I can include all the categories right here
OK.
And then I have a show title show date so on hoovering you can see this is showing the title and it
is also showing the date and it was published so I have this right here and then I have the design.
So I have the layout so it is basically true so you can also set the grid as well.
So this will be turned into create.
OK.
I'm like this.
What you can do.
You can add it on the layout the read regular mode.
OK.
And under regular mode it will be different.
OK let's come let's come here to the full scribble portfolio so filter portfolio is basically different
and the normal portfolio is different OK.
You can see how this is coming this is coming like this.
I'm going to go from here to the elements here we have the show title show the categories and show page
anation.
So I'm not going to show you the page anation I'm just going to show some latest one.
OK.
Show categories do not show the categories.
Should a title tonight show that tile.
OK.
Let's come here to the content tray here.
I want to come here to the design and this.
I want it to be CRID.
So this is how it is looking
OK.
I'm going to come here to the context to elements.
Let's add these.
So this is how it is.
OK.
I can go to the desk right here and you can see that if I select this marriage events it's going to
show all the married events that I have done.
If I select all it's going to show all the projects of me that I have done basically.
So this is how there is a difference between the full length and this.
Now let me add some events that I have done that I have done them people have done OK.
Let me add them in the portfolio section.
OK.
And then I will show you how the portfolio is going to look.
So I'm just completing my video right now.
Or let's have it.
OK let's just add them so fast.
OK I'm going to go to discovery here.
And then here I'm going to a concert.
OK.
So my concert is to like this.
Let's come here and this will be.
So here I'm going to add a feature to mentri here.
It's had a feature to me.
And it should be this.
So this is a concert.
OK.
And here we go.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to hit publish some like this I want to add more so you can add
the content in the content area pretty well.
OK.
I'm just going to I'm here to add news section right here a lot and more.
So here would be
zeal.
There's some room.
OK.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to come here and here would be the marriage if it's OK.
This is the marriage I'm in.
I'm going to go I'm here and I'm going to feature that image.
So the feature to me is that I want to add it would be this.
OK.
I'm going to get featured image and let's hit publish
so you can see this is being uploaded right now.
We also want one more thing and that is the corporate events.
OK let's come here at letted add new
pay you
near event at Expo Center
Expo Center.
OK I'm going to come here and I'm going to hit the culprit events.
Let's just hit publish.
OK I want to add the feature to me is this is very important.
OK.
I'm going to go to this guy right here and the pioneer and
so here we go.
I'm going to get a trade now.
And now let's see how this portfolio works.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to hit save this guy right here OK.
And I want to save it.
So now let's see how our portfolio works.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to rephrase this page and let's see how this is going to look.
You guys are going to love it.
Seriously.
OK.
So here we have all these right here you can see that we have here and amended expo center to deal with
some raw The first some in Pakistan and we have sort of a team here so you can see all the events are
coming already here you can see we have put on your addict full to deal with some other for some in
Pakistan sort of a chair here.
So if I just select corporate events it's just going to show only the corporate events.
If I select marriage events it's just going to show that marriage events that I have done and if I select
concert then it will all the concert that has been done.
So this is how it's going to look and I'm like this you can also manage it how you're going to manage
it.
You just have to come here to the Morefield setting and then you have to come here you can just tick
if you select include categories the concert.
It's just going to show only one single category.
OK.
And if you just come here and if you so like this guy right here then it's going to show all the categories
right here.
OK.
I'm going to come here and going to lectures of the elements and then we have the background and we
have this guy right here.
It's going to show 10 poster basically on here right here.
I'm going to go to the design right here.
I'm going to go do the lay out so you can also select the full width if you want to show the full width
tray here.
But I would not recommend you to go with this because it doesn't look good.
OK.
And then we have the overlay on overlay.
It's going to show an icon.
So you can show any icon here you can show a ball right here.
OK.
You can issue a comment right here.
So this is how you can show it you can show a star a.
Here.
OK.
And then we have the overlay color Socor overlay color and can be a black color.
OK then we have the image so you can pretty well manage the image of water right here so you can see
like 25 pixels from the bottom so you can see how these are changed.
OK.
I'm going to choose the normal one I'm going to go to the image waterbed.
You can also change the text as well.
You can also change the filter create a text that how you want to filter create your text.
So if I choose any user your telescopes you can see how this is changed.
OK.
I'm going to go down to the meta tags.
And here we have this ray here.
OK.
You can also manage it.
Then we have the sizing of this you can manage the sizing of this as well.
And let's make it the full width.
OK.
What's come here to this guy right here.
Let's make it to the design.
Let's make the sizing let's make the full with color red and change it to be one so that it matches
everyone.
Now it is looking great.
OK let's come here and see how this is looking.
So this is how it is looking.
Let's add one more project tray here just fast.
OK.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to hit add new and let's add one more.
So I'm going to add
and take if fent and us OK and I'm going to come here I mean it's like this one it's like this one.
It's like the concert like publish
this in concert.
This is the event.
Basically the culprit and I've chosen the concert.
Let's just select the car pretty mint and let's update let's come here.
Let's just save it.
And let's refresh this.
So here let's wait for this.
You know you can see how they're appearing this is how it is looking.
Hey.
So some like this you can manage it you can get it you can get the thrown at and label design the layout
filter criteria text.
This is the folder created your text.
This is the page anation This is the speccing the border the sizing and everything is right here.
OK.
So here you can see everything is coming here perfectly.
Here are the five that are coming right here.
OK.
So thanks a lot guys for watching still here.
I think that now we have understanded every day we build the functionality.
I would recommend you to not to make it full.
OK.
Let's come here.
Let's make this hazing to be just like this you can make it you can make the custom it to be normal.
But make sure that you do not add it to be full with because it is not looking good.
OK.
So you can see everything is looking pretty well and amazing right here.
If you want to make these text to be in the center you can also align it to the center as well.
So I think Center makes it much better.
OK.
Everything looks amazing.
And our website looks so amazing so if you add to your portfolio.
Trust me guys you will receive more sales because portfolio helps a lot and that people have and they
want to hire a company even they don't do get divorced from a company.
They see the portfolio so make sure you add your portfolio in your home page.
If not possible try to edit in the About page because this is really very important since you don't
have any portfolio for the company.
That is what I cannot show it.
But if I want to show it I will show it in the home page.
Why not.
I can show it in the homepage.
Let's go down let's go down and get tatted.
Let's have it.
Before this below this are below how we work.
OK.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm just going to go down.
And here we have this.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to select one regular and I'm going to add one more at this.
OK.
And here would be the portfolio so I'm going to come here to the portfolio.
So there are two types of portfolio one is this Phil Tribble portfolio and the other one is normal portfolio.
OK.
So normal portfolio would have only the normal Ting's not the filtration about like marriage events
and everything.
So let me add the normal food board for you right now so that you understand that that how in the normal
portfolio work.
So I need just for post right now and I want the design to be straight.
Here we go.
I'm going to go to the content tray here and I'm going to go to the elements.
I'm going to to show pagination and I want I don't want don't show the title and say let's just don't
just show the events to the title.
OK.
I'm going to come here to the design right here and I'm going to go to the lay out sorry.
Say spacing the sizing.
OK.
And OK I have to just come here.
I really just came here to this guy right here and I want to manage this one.
I want to come here to this izing and I want to work with the alignment using and use the custom gutter
bed and make it one so that it just combines everything.
OK.
Now what I want to add I want to add a text right here so I need to just duplicate it.
And duplicate this divider as well.
So let's just bring this down below.
And grab that divider
here we go
I need to give some padding from the divider.
OK.
OK let's come here.
Let's just click here and let's click this guy right here I want to go to the design I want to go to
this spacing right here and here I want to remove this.
I want to give some margin.
So everything looks good.
Ok cool.
Now I can see how this is looking great.
We have how we work.
Am I'm going to change this to
what we have.
Events we have done OK.
So I'm going to come here I'm going to click this guy right here and I'm going to choose the color to
be
ok cool.
Harrigan.
You can see how this is looking so I can change the color if there so that it doesn't match.
OK I'm going to go to the back home right here and I'm going to change the color to be hash.
EBay eBay EBAY.
OK.
This is now matching.
So I want to make sure that this background color is light.
OK.
Let's get it here.
Let's just remove the bact core.
Now what I'm going to do.
I'm just going to save everything and I can see that.
Now we are totally done with our reps say this is our website.
Just totally done everything is done everything is done.
If you want to remove the search we will also remove it.
No problem.
OK.
So you can see everything is totally up and running.
And now what we will do we will just add the footer or hey it will add the logo and then we will do
the mobile optimization and the thing that we see the animation.
OK.
So in the next video or tomorrow we will be doing this.
Goodbye guys.